FlexForm location was not found is a possible reason (#85)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Exceptions: Documentation/Exceptions/1478105826.rst

.. include:: /If-you-encounter-this-exception.rst.txt

FlexForm location was not found, TYPO3 12.0
===========================================

..  code-block:: none

>     Data structure file "EXT:nonexistanextension/Configuration/FlexForms/Plugin.xml" could not be resolved to an existing file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Data structure file "EXT:my_extension/Configuration/FlexForms/NotExisting.xml" could not be resolved to an existing file
```

Why nonexistingextension? Mostly, the path in an existing extension is wrong?
